Improve info about managing SSH keys in Cloud Guide (#8364)
magento/devdocs: src/_includes/cloud/enable-ssh.md

## Locate an existing SSH key pair {#existing}

> An existing SSH key pair is typically located in the `.ssh` subdirectory of the user home directory. This folder is hidden and may not display in the File Manager or Finder if your system is not configured to display hidden files and folders.

Author: ```suggestion
An existing SSH key pair is typically located in the `.ssh` subdirectory of the user home directory. This folder is hidden and may not display in the File Manager or Finder if your system is not configured to display hidden files and folders.
```

{:.procedure}

> Check for SSH keys:

Author: > At first, I created a suggestion to change this to "To check for existing SSH key:" and realized this is all straight from Github. I'm glad to see most of this removed, since we don't need to walk through Github instructions. In fact, you could probably just lead with line 37 and provide links to GitHub for the checks and the generate instructions.
> 
> But, if you keep it in, then for consistency of all procedure titles, I do suggest the following:

I thought about leaving the test procedure out, but it's not included directly on the GitHub pages for adding a key.  And if the key is already there, you don't have to go to GitHub.   I didn't think it hurt to leave it.

   magento-cloud ssh-key:add ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub
   ```

{:.bs-callout-tip}
You can list and delete SSH keys using the Magento Cloud CLI commands `magento-cloud ssh-key:list` and `magento-cloud ssh-key:delete`.

### Add your SSH key using the Project Web Interface {#add-key-web}

> You will select and add your SSH public key to each environment in your account.

Author: ```suggestion
You must add your SSH public key to each active environment in your account.
```

-  Starter: Add to Master (Production) and any environments you create by branching from Master

> -  Pro: Add the key to Staging, Production, and Integration environments

Author: ```suggestion
-  Pro: Add the key to the Staging, Production, and Integration environments
```

   ```bash
   magento-cloud ssh-key:add ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub
   ```

>    

Author: ```suggestion

```

1. Follow the prompts on your screen to complete the task.

{:.bs-callout-tip}

> You can view and manage SSH keys on your account in Account settings. In the upper right corner of the Project Web interface, click click <your-user-name> > Account Settings.

Reviewer: Is this the long form of double click? 😆
